Fix missing docker dependencies (#1126)
bghira/SimpleTuner: INSTALL.md

For users that wish to make use of Docker or another container orchestration platform, see [this document](/documentation/DOCKER.md) first.

### Installation

> For  users operating on windows. An Installation guide based on Docker and WSL is found here [this document](/documentation/DOCKER.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For  users operating on Windows 10 or newer, an installation guide based on Docker and WSL is available here [this document](/documentation/DOCKER.md).
```
